README.md, before:

# Vercel JupyterLite Demo

[![lite-badge](https://jupyterlite.rtfd.io/en/latest/_static/badge.svg)](https://jupyter.vercel.app/)

JupyterLite deployed as a static site to Vercel, for demo purposes.

## ✨ Try it in your browser ✨

➡️ **https://jupyter.vercel.app/**

![vercel-1](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1699330614098/476d30cd-ca5a-4bab-a3cd-d82ff030c1f1.png?auto=compress,format&format=webp)

![vercel-2](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1699330631107/c92cf67c-96ca-4647-8e80-fe36c4b08743.png?auto=compress,format&format=webp)


## Requirements

JupyterLite is being tested against modern web browsers:

- Firefox 90+
- Chromium 89+

## Deploy your JupyterLite website on Vercel

Check out the guide: 

https://blog.diegocornejo.com/deploy-your-own-jupyter-lite-on-vercel

## Further Information and Updates

For more info, keep an eye on the JupyterLite documentation:

- How-to Guides: https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/index.html
- Reference: https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/index.html

Commit message:

docs: Add netlify demo url

README.md, after:

# Vercel / Netlify JupyterLite Demo

[![lite-badge](https://jupyterlite.rtfd.io/en/latest/_static/badge.svg)](https://jupyter.vercel.app/)
[![Vercel Status](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/diegofcornejo/vercel-jupyter-lite/production?style=flat&logo=vercel&label=vercel)](https://jupyter.vercel.app/)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/740e35b0-9480-4005-ba98-d67a5bdfab71/deploy-status)](https://jupyterlite.netlify.app)

JupyterLite deployed as a static site to Vercel and Netlify, for demo purposes.

## ✨ Try it in your browser ✨

➡️ Vercel: **https://jupyter.vercel.app**

➡️ Netlify: **https://jupyterlite.netlify.app**

![vercel-1](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1699330614098/476d30cd-ca5a-4bab-a3cd-d82ff030c1f1.png?auto=compress,format&format=webp)

![vercel-2](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1699330631107/c92cf67c-96ca-4647-8e80-fe36c4b08743.png?auto=compress,format&format=webp)


## Requirements

JupyterLite is being tested against modern web browsers:

- Firefox 90+
- Chromium 89+

## Deploy your JupyterLite website on Vercel

Check out the guide: 

https://blog.diegocornejo.com/deploy-your-own-jupyter-lite-on-vercel

## Further Information and Updates

For more info, keep an eye on the JupyterLite documentation:

- How-to Guides: https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/index.html
- Reference: https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/index.html
